stdlib/sys.core/color/sys.core.ColorRGBA.api.md, before:

# class *ColorRGBA* from sys.core

## Constructors

### this

```C#
this{value: Int};
this{value: DWord};
this{value: Float};
this{value: Double};
this{red: Int, green: Int, blue: Int};
this{red: DWord, green: DWord, blue: DWord};
this{red: Float, green: Float, blue: Float};
this{red: Double, green: Double, blue: Double};
this{red: Int, green: Int, blue: Int, alpha: Int};
this{red: DWord, green: DWord, blue: DWord, alpha: DWord};
this{red: Float, green: Float, blue: Float, alpha: Float};
this{red: Double, green: Double, blue: Double, alpha: Double};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new instance initializing each component of the color.

If an input component is missing, it will be initialized tot he maximum value.

Floating point values are interpreted as having a range of 0.0 to 1.0.

#### Parameters
> *value* => the value to use for each component  
> *red* => the red component  
> *green* => the green component  
> *blue* => the blue component  
> *alpha* => the alpha component  
***

### FromUncapped

```C#
this FromUncapped{red: Int, green: Int, blue: Int, alpha: Int};
this FromUncapped{red: DWord, green: DWord, blue: DWord, alpha: DWord};
this FromUncapped{red: Float, green: Float, blue: Float, alpha: Float};
this FromUncapped{red: Double, green: Double, blue: Double, alpha: Double};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new instance initializing each component of the color from uncapped values. Each input is clamped to the valid range of the color.

Floating point values are interpreted as having a range of 0.0 to 1.0.

#### Parameters
> *red* => the red component  
> *green* => the green component  
> *blue* => the blue component  
> *alpha* => the alpha component  
***

### FromRGBA

```C#
this FromRGBA{rgba: DWord};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new color from an integer encoded in the RGBA memory layout.

#### Parameters
> *rgba* => the color integer  
***

### FromBGRA

```C#
this FromBGRA{bgra: DWord};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new color from an integer encoded in the BGRA memory layout.

#### Parameters
> *bgra* => the color integer  
***

### FromARGB

```C#
this FromARGB{argb: DWord};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new color from an integer encoded in the ARGB memory layout.

#### Parameters
> *argb* => the color integer  
***

### FromABGR

```C#
this FromABGR{abgr: DWord};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new color from an integer encoded in the ABGR memory layout.

#### Parameters
> *abgr* => the color integer  
***

## Methods

### ToRGBA

```C#
func ToRGBA(): DWord;
```

#### Brief
Encodes the color to an integer using the RGBA memory layout.

#### Returns
> the resulting integer
***

### ToBGRA

```C#
func ToBGRA(): DWord;
```

#### Brief
Encodes the color to an integer using the BGRA memory layout.

#### Returns
> the resulting integer
***

### ToARGB

```C#
func ToARGB(): DWord;
```

#### Brief
Encodes the color to an integer using the ARGB memory layout.

#### Returns
> the resulting integer
***

### ToABGR

```C#
func ToABGR(): DWord;
```

#### Brief
Encodes the color to an integer using the ABGR memory layout.

#### Returns
> the resulting integer
***

### Clamp

```C#
def Clamp(min: ColorRGBA, max: ColorRGBA);
def Clamp(min: Byte, max: Byte);
```

#### Brief
Clamps each component of the current mutable instance between `min` and `max`.

#### Parameters
> *min* => the minimum value  
> *max* => the maximum value  
***

### Clamped

```C#
func Clamped(min: ColorRGBA, max: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
func Clamped(min: Byte, max: Byte): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Returns a copy of the color with each component clamped between `min` and `max`.

#### Parameters
> *min* => the minimum value  
> *max* => the maximum value  
#### Returns
> the clamped value
***

### GetMin

```C#
func GetMin(min: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Returns the member-wise minimum between the current instance and the input.

#### Parameters
> *min* => the value to test against  
#### Returns
> the member-wise minimum
***

### GetMax

```C#
func GetMax(max: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Returns the member-wise maximum between the current instance and the input.

#### Parameters
> *max* => the value to test against  
#### Returns
> the member-wise maximum
***

### @add

```C#
func @add(second: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
func @add(second: Int): ColorRGBA;
func @add(second: DWord): ColorRGBA;
func @add(second: Float): ColorRGBA;
func @add(second: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise addition operator. Commutative.

#### Parameters
> *second* => the second operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise sum
***

### @sub

```C#
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: Int, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: Int): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: DWord, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: DWord): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: Float, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: Float): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: Double, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise subtraction operator.

#### Parameters
> *left* => the left operand  
> *right* => the right operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise substraction
***

### @mul

```C#
func @mul(second: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
func @mul(second: Int): ColorRGBA;
func @mul(second: DWord): ColorRGBA;
func @mul(second: Float): ColorRGBA;
func @mul(second: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise multiplication operator. Commutative.

#### Parameters
> *second* => the second operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise multiplication
***

### @div

```C#
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: Int, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: Int): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: DWord, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: DWord): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: Float, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: Float): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: Double, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise division operator.

#### Parameters
> *left* => the left operand  
> *right* => the right operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise division
***

### @mod

```C#
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: Int, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: Int): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: DWord, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: DWord): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: Float, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: Float): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: Double, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise modulo operator.

#### Parameters
> *left* => the left operand  
> *right* => the right operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise modulo
***

### @eq

```C#
func @eq(second: Int): Bool;
func @eq(second: DWord): Bool;
func @eq(second: Float): Bool;
func @eq(second: Double): Bool;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise equality operator.

#### Parameters
> *second* => the second operand  
#### Returns
> true on equality
***

### @neq

```C#
func @neq(second: Int): Bool;
func @neq(second: DWord): Bool;
func @neq(second: Float): Bool;
func @neq(second: Double): Bool;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise inequality operator.

#### Parameters
> *second* => the second operand  
#### Returns
> true on inequality
***

## Variables

### R

```C#
val R: Byte;
```

#### Brief
The red component.

***

### G

```C#
val G: Byte;
```

#### Brief
The green component.

***

### B

```C#
val B: Byte;
```

#### Brief
The blue component.

***

### A

```C#
val A: Byte;
```

#### Brief
The alpha component.

***

Commit message:

docs: test for class description

stdlib/sys.core/color/sys.core.ColorRGBA.api.md, after:

# class *ColorRGBA* from sys.core

A class representing a logical red, green, blue and alpha channeled color as an object storing each component as 8 bit unsigned integers, using a memory order of red, green, blue and alpha.

This class is only suited for storing low dynamic range colors.

Since all channels are stored in 8bit unsigned integers, this class is better suited for storing colors rather than manipulating them. But it still has the full set of manipulation API.

## Constructors

### this

```C#
this{value: Int};
this{value: DWord};
this{value: Float};
this{value: Double};
this{red: Int, green: Int, blue: Int};
this{red: DWord, green: DWord, blue: DWord};
this{red: Float, green: Float, blue: Float};
this{red: Double, green: Double, blue: Double};
this{red: Int, green: Int, blue: Int, alpha: Int};
this{red: DWord, green: DWord, blue: DWord, alpha: DWord};
this{red: Float, green: Float, blue: Float, alpha: Float};
this{red: Double, green: Double, blue: Double, alpha: Double};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new instance initializing each component of the color.

If an input component is missing, it will be initialized to the maximum value.

Floating point values are interpreted as having a range of 0.0 to 1.0.

#### Parameters
> *value* => the value to use for each component  
> *red* => the red component  
> *green* => the green component  
> *blue* => the blue component  
> *alpha* => the alpha component  
***

### FromUncapped

```C#
this FromUncapped{red: Int, green: Int, blue: Int, alpha: Int};
this FromUncapped{red: DWord, green: DWord, blue: DWord, alpha: DWord};
this FromUncapped{red: Float, green: Float, blue: Float, alpha: Float};
this FromUncapped{red: Double, green: Double, blue: Double, alpha: Double};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new instance initializing each component of the color from uncapped values. Each input is clamped to the valid range of the color.

Floating point values are interpreted as having a range of 0.0 to 1.0.

#### Parameters
> *red* => the red component  
> *green* => the green component  
> *blue* => the blue component  
> *alpha* => the alpha component  
***

### FromRGBA

```C#
this FromRGBA{rgba: DWord};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new color from an integer encoded in the RGBA memory layout.

#### Parameters
> *rgba* => the color integer  
***

### FromBGRA

```C#
this FromBGRA{bgra: DWord};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new color from an integer encoded in the BGRA memory layout.

#### Parameters
> *bgra* => the color integer  
***

### FromARGB

```C#
this FromARGB{argb: DWord};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new color from an integer encoded in the ARGB memory layout.

#### Parameters
> *argb* => the color integer  
***

### FromABGR

```C#
this FromABGR{abgr: DWord};
```

#### Brief
Creates a new color from an integer encoded in the ABGR memory layout.

#### Parameters
> *abgr* => the color integer  
***

## Methods

### ToRGBA

```C#
func ToRGBA(): DWord;
```

#### Brief
Encodes the color to an integer using the RGBA memory layout.

#### Returns
> the resulting integer
***

### ToBGRA

```C#
func ToBGRA(): DWord;
```

#### Brief
Encodes the color to an integer using the BGRA memory layout.

#### Returns
> the resulting integer
***

### ToARGB

```C#
func ToARGB(): DWord;
```

#### Brief
Encodes the color to an integer using the ARGB memory layout.

#### Returns
> the resulting integer
***

### ToABGR

```C#
func ToABGR(): DWord;
```

#### Brief
Encodes the color to an integer using the ABGR memory layout.

#### Returns
> the resulting integer
***

### Clamp

```C#
def Clamp(min: ColorRGBA, max: ColorRGBA);
def Clamp(min: Byte, max: Byte);
```

#### Brief
Clamps each component of the current mutable instance between `min` and `max`.

#### Parameters
> *min* => the minimum value  
> *max* => the maximum value  
***

### Clamped

```C#
func Clamped(min: ColorRGBA, max: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
func Clamped(min: Byte, max: Byte): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Returns a copy of the color with each component clamped between `min` and `max`.

#### Parameters
> *min* => the minimum value  
> *max* => the maximum value  
#### Returns
> the clamped value
***

### GetMin

```C#
func GetMin(min: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Returns the member-wise minimum between the current instance and the input.

#### Parameters
> *min* => the value to test against  
#### Returns
> the member-wise minimum
***

### GetMax

```C#
func GetMax(max: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Returns the member-wise maximum between the current instance and the input.

#### Parameters
> *max* => the value to test against  
#### Returns
> the member-wise maximum
***

### @add

```C#
func @add(second: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
func @add(second: Int): ColorRGBA;
func @add(second: DWord): ColorRGBA;
func @add(second: Float): ColorRGBA;
func @add(second: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise addition operator. Commutative.

#### Parameters
> *second* => the second operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise sum
***

### @sub

```C#
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: Int, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: Int): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: DWord, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: DWord): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: Float, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: Float): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: Double, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @sub(left: ColorRGBA, right: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise subtraction operator.

#### Parameters
> *left* => the left operand  
> *right* => the right operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise subtraction
***

### @mul

```C#
func @mul(second: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
func @mul(second: Int): ColorRGBA;
func @mul(second: DWord): ColorRGBA;
func @mul(second: Float): ColorRGBA;
func @mul(second: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise multiplication operator. Commutative.

#### Parameters
> *second* => the second operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise multiplication
***

### @div

```C#
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: Int, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: Int): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: DWord, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: DWord): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: Float, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: Float): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: Double, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @div(left: ColorRGBA, right: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise division operator.

#### Parameters
> *left* => the left operand  
> *right* => the right operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise division
***

### @mod

```C#
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: Int, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: Int): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: DWord, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: DWord): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: Float, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: Float): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: Double, right: ColorRGBA): ColorRGBA;
static func @mod(left: ColorRGBA, right: Double): ColorRGBA;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise modulo operator.

#### Parameters
> *left* => the left operand  
> *right* => the right operand  
#### Returns
> the member-wise modulo
***

### @eq

```C#
func @eq(second: Int): Bool;
func @eq(second: DWord): Bool;
func @eq(second: Float): Bool;
func @eq(second: Double): Bool;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise equality operator.

#### Parameters
> *second* => the second operand  
#### Returns
> true on equality
***

### @neq

```C#
func @neq(second: Int): Bool;
func @neq(second: DWord): Bool;
func @neq(second: Float): Bool;
func @neq(second: Double): Bool;
```

#### Brief
Member-wise inequality operator.

#### Parameters
> *second* => the second operand  
#### Returns
> true on inequality
***

## Variables

### R

```C#
val R: Byte;
```

#### Brief
The red component.

***

### G

```C#
val G: Byte;
```

#### Brief
The green component.

***

### B

```C#
val B: Byte;
```

#### Brief
The blue component.

***

### A

```C#
val A: Byte;
```

#### Brief
The alpha component.

***
